Add v1.0 of the GB bylaws, take 2 (#2742)
matrix-org/matrix.org: content/foundation/governing-board/bylaws/04-processes.md

clear scope and at least three interested members. Any Board member can propose
a new committee in the Board Discussions forum. The proposal must include an
initial draft charter, which should be defined before the committee is created.
A simple majority vote of the Board is sufficient to create the committee.

## Working Group Creation Process

We intend for the community to be able to propose new Working Groups, as the
community has many talented and knowledgable members - but we do not wish for
additional loads to be placed upon the Board without it’s approval, and we want
to ensure that new Working Groups have some support rather than being a
one-person idea.

To that end, new Working Groups can be proposed by any member of the Matrix
Community. However, we expect a minimum of three members, and we require one of
those three to be a Board member, a Sponsor to act as liaison with the Board
and facilitate the work being done.

Therefore, those interested in creating a Working Group are encouraged to
contact the Board to find a Sponsor - your constituency representatives would
be a good place to look for such support to start with (TBD add a link to

> explain constituencies here).

Author: missing link

> contact the Board to find a Sponsor - your constituency representatives would
> be a good place to look for such support to start with (TBD add a link to
> explain constituencies here).

Author: ```suggestion
contact the Board to find a Sponsor - your [constituency representatives](/foundation/governing-board/#elected-representatives)
would be a good place to look for such support to start with.
```

If the Sponsor Board Member agrees with the idea, they will discuss initial
membership of the new Working Group and a rough draft of its potential charter
with the initiator(s). Finally the Sponsor brings the proposal up with the rest
of the Board for discussion.

Ultimately, if the Board approve the initial members and scope, the Working
Group will be created and place under an appropriate Committee, and will report
it’s activities & recommendations to that Committee. It’s first task would be

> to refine the initial rough charter, and have it ratified bythe Committee.

Author: ```suggestion
to refine the initial rough charter, and have it ratified by the Committee.
```
